welcome to Marie Robinson Hall or as it
is known to UIC students mrh open in
August 2001 M our age was the first
building on UIC south campus and quickly
became one of the most sought-after
residence halls on campus mrh is located
in the heart of University Village and
is within feet of Maxwell Street home of
the historic Maxwell Street market mrh
is surrounded by a diverse selection of
retail shops and restaurants that
include something for everyone to enjoy
I choose to live in mrh because it
definitely has a grown-up feel the place
and the location is really lively and
it's definitely a home away from home I
like living in mrh because it's so close
to so many restaurants and stores if
there's always something going on it's
the fun time to be around mrh houses
three hundred and twenty students in an
apartment style living experience it
provides upper-class undergraduate
students with the luxury of living in an
apartment with the safety and
convenience of living on a college
campus I totally feel safe our desk is
always supervised with someone there
it's 24 hours or someone there open and
you need to have keys to get into the
building and stuff so if you have guests
here you have to sign them in like that
so definitely feeling
with two and four person apartments
every resident has the comfort of their
own private bedroom a full kitchen
semi-private bathroom and even a shared
living and dining room already fully
equipped with furniture let's see what
our residents have to say I would say
living in the apartment style residence
halls there's definitely a sense of like
being a grown-up because you're not
living in a traditional residence hall
where there's a cafeteria and stuff so
like you cook for yourself you have like
your living room to have friends come
over and hang out and stuff so it's
definitely like a grown-up feel I like
living apartment style because I can
cook for myself I have my own living
room it's bunks I could have my friends
over it's a different feel from living
in the traditional residence hall
looking for a place to live that
provides you more than just a place to
lay your head
mrah residents are fortunate to have
extensive common space with lounges
perfect for studying a computer lab for
typing papers and even a television
lounge for relaxing after class and no
more taking your laundry home on the
weekend mr h has free laundry and
because mr h is located right outside of
Chicago's loop residents are provided
with spectacular views of the city's
skyline living on campus has never been
better
come and see which residence hall best
suits your needs today
you